Pages Plugins (#4027)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/functions/plugins/honeycomb.md

---
pcx-content-type: concept
title: Honeycomb
weight: 1
---

# Honeycomb Pages Plugin

> This Plugin automatically create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Honeycomb Pages Plugin automatically creates _________.
```

## Installation

```sh
npm install @cloudflare/pages-plugin-honeycomb
```

## Usage

```typescript
---
filename: functions/_middleware.ts
---
import honeycombPlugin from "@cloudflare/pages-plugin-honeycomb";

export const onRequest = honeycombPlugin({
  apiKey: "YOUR_HONEYCOMB_API_KEY",
  dataset: "YOUR_HONEYCOMB_DATASET_NAME",
});
```

This Plugin is based on the `@cloudflare/workers-honeycomb-logger` and accepts the same [configuration options](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-honeycomb-logger#config).

> Ensure that you enable the option to "Automatically unpack nested JSON" and set the "Maximum unpacking depth" to 5 in your Honeycomb dataset settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you enable the option to **Automatically unpack nested JSON** and set the **Maximum unpacking depth** to **5** in your Honeycomb dataset settings.
```

> ![A screenshot of the dataset settings panel in the Honeycomb dashboard showing the "Automatically unpack nested JSON" setting toggled on and "Maximum unpacking depth" option set to 5](/pages/platform/functions/plugins/honeycomb.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Follow the instructions above to toggle on Automatically unpack nested JSON and set the Maximum unpacking depth option to 5 in the Honeycomb dashboard](/pages/platform/functions/plugins/honeycomb.png)
```

### Additional context

`data.honeycomb.tracer` has two methods for attaching additional information about a given trace:

> - `data.honeycomb.tracer.log` which takes a single argument, a `String`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data.honeycomb.tracer.log` which takes a single argument, a `String`.
```
